Remove `npx remotion install` documentation (#2171)
remotion-dev/remotion: packages/docs/docs/4-0-migration.md

FFmpeg is now baked into the `@remotion/renderer` package. Therefore, the `ffmpegExecutable` and `ffprobeExecutable` options have been removed.

> Therefore, the `npx remotion install ffmpeg` and `npx remotion install ffprope` commands have been removed.

Reviewer: Also ffprope is misspelled

- Remove the `--ffmpeg-executable` flag from [`npx remotion render`](/docs/cli/render), [`npx remotion still`](/docs/cli/still) and [`npx remotion benchmark`](/docs/cli/benchmark)

> - Remove the `--ffprobe-executable` flag from [`npx remotion render`](/docs/cli/render), [`npx remotion still`](/docs/cli/still) and [`npx remotion benchmark`](/docs/cli/benchmark)

Reviewer: How about adding here `Don't use the the npx remotion install` command anymore?

## Added `npx remotion ffmpeg` and `npx remotion ffprobe`

> Since FFmpeg and FFprobe no longer have to be installed, the `ffmpeg` and `ffprobe` commands are no longer globally available. In order to still be able to use some of `FFmpeg`s handy commands, we introduced `npx remotion ffmpeg` and `npx remotion ffprobe`.

Reviewer: Let's link to the documentation of the commands!

> Note that in order to keep the binary size small, we only support the most commonly used codecs: h264, h265, vp8, vp9 and prores videos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in order to keep the binary size small, those FFmpeg binaries only understand the codecs that Remotion itself supports: H.264, H.265, VP8, VP9 and ProRes.
```
